MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Manuel López-Ibáñez, Francisco Chicano and Rodrigo Gil-Merino

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Please be aware that the fact that this program is released as
Free Software does not excuse you from scientific propriety, which obligates
you to give appropriate credit! If you write a scientific paper describing
research that made substantive use of this program, it is your obligation as a
scientist to (a) mention the fashion in which this software was used in the
Methods section; (b) mention the appropriate citation in the References section:

    Manuel López-Ibáñez, Francisco Chicano, Rodrigo Gil-Merino. 
    The Asteroid Routing Problem: A Benchmark for Expensive Black-Box Permutation
    Optimization. In Applications of Evolutionary Computation 2022, LNCS 13224,
    Springer Nature, Switzerland, 2022.

Other packages used or required by this software may have their own licenses.

CEGO is Copyright (c) 2021 Martin Zaefferer distributed under the GPL v3:
https://cran.r-project.org/package=CEGO

UMM is Copyright (c) 2021 Ekhine Irurozki and Manuel López-Ibáñez distributed
under the GPL v3: https://github.com/ekhiru/BB_optim

poliastro is Copyright (c) 2012-2021 Juan Luis Cano Rodríguez and the poliastro
development team, released under the MIT license:
https://github.com/poliastro/poliastro/

